Submission 1: How many rows are missing a value in the "State" column? Explain how you came up with the number.
There are 5,377 rows missing values in the "State" column. When I selected the text facet for the State attribute, it shows the rows counts for each unique value. The value '(blank)' indicates missing values and had 5,377 records associated with it.

SUBMISSION 2: How many rows with missing ZIP codes do you have?
There are 4,362 rows with missing ZIP codes.

SUBMISSION 3: If you consider all ZIP codes less than 99999 to be valid, how many valid and invalid ZIP codes do you have, respectively?
There are 345,175 rows with valid zip codes, and 39,323 rows with invalid zip codes (of which 4,362 rows had missing values). There are 22,115 unique zip codes that are valid, and 2,634 unique invalid zip codes.

SUBMISSION 4: Change the radius to 3.0. What happens? Do you want to merge any of the resulting matches?
False amtches begin appearing with a radius of 3.0 (Tajikistan/Pakistan and Indonesia/Micronesia). We do not want to merge any of the new resulting matches from increasing radius of 2.0 to 3.0.

SUBMISSION 5: Change the block size to 2. Give two examples of new clusters that may be worth merging.
The new clusters include one that captures the additional misspellings of 'Alaska'. Instead of only 'Alaska' and 'alaska', it has now also caught 'Alaksa', 'Alaa', 'Alaka', and 'Alska'. Another cluster that is worth merging is one for Canada that includes 'Canada', 'Candaa', and 'Cnaada'.

SUBMISSION 6: Explain in words what happens when you cluster the "place" column, and why you think that happened. What additional functionality could OpenRefine provide to possibly deal with the situation? Hint: you may want to cancel the run.
It keeps processing the data without displaying any results. I'm not sure how long it would take, and cancelled it after several minutes. This probably happened because the clustering was computationally intensive given the much longer 'place' field compared to location. OpenRefine could provide a time estimate to completion which would help deal with this situation. They could also suggest a block size at which results would be returned in a reasonable amount of time.